<title>12月英语六级听力短对话原文(沪江网校版)_新浪教育_新浪网</title> 新浪教育[微博]讯 2013年12月14日全国大学英语六级考试已结束，本次考试为多题多卷，新浪外语第一时间收集整理不同版本试题，供考生参考，以下是沪江网校提供的全国大学英语六级听力短对话原文： 短对话 1.W: What a wonderful performance! Your rock band has never sounded better。 M: Many thanks. I guess all those hours of practice in the past month are finally paying off。 Q：What does the man mean? 2.M: I can't decide what to do for my summer vacation. I either want to go on a bike tour of Europe or go diving in Mexico。 W: Well, we're offering an all-inclusive two-week trip to Mexico for only 300 dollars。 Q：What does the woman suggest the man do for his vacation? 3. W: How long do you think this project might take? M: I'd say about three months, but it could take longer if something unexpected happened. Maybe we'd better allow an extra month, so we won’t have to worry about being late。 Q: Why does the man say extra time should be allowed for the project? 4. M: I'm thinking about becoming a member here, and I'd like some information。 W: Sure. A three-month membership costs 150 dollars, and that includes use of the wait-room, sauna and pool. I'll give you a free path so that you can try out the facilities before you decide。 Q: What do we learn from the conversation? 5.W: I'm sorry to hear that you failed the Physics course, Ted。 M: Let's face it. I'm just not cut out to be a scientist。 Q:  What does the man mean? 6.M: Gary insisted on buying the food for the picnic。 W: That's pretty generous of him. But shouldn't we at least offer to share the expenses? He has a big family to support。 Q: What does the woman suggest they do? 7.W: Did you see the headlines in the paper this morning? M: Year. Apparently the bus company will be laying off its employees if they can't reach an agreement on wages by midnight。 Q: What did the man read about? 8.W: Have we received payment for the overseas order we delivered last month? M: Yes. The cheque came in yesterday afternoon. I'll be depositing it when I go the bank today。 Q: What is the woman concerned about? 更多四六级资讯，请关注@新浪每日英语推荐[微博] 直击2013年12月大学英语四六级改革后首考 2013年12月英语六级考后难度调查
