<title>12月英语六级阅读选词填空答案解析(新东方)_新浪教育_新浪网</title> 新浪教育[微博]讯 2013年12月14日全国大学英语六级考试已结束，本次考试为多题多卷，新浪外语第一时间收集整理不同版本试题，供考生参考，以下是新东方在线[微博]提供的全国大学英语六级阅读选词填空答案解析： 答案：选词填空部分 36 intentions 37 stems 38 permanently 39 delayed 40 simultaneously 41 asset 42 identified 43 overwhelming 44 equivalent 45 underlying 2013年12月英语六级阅读原文 Quite often, educators tell families of children who are learning English as a second language to speak only English, and not their native language, at home. Although these educators may have good (36) intentions, their advice to families is misguided, and it (37) stemsfrom misunderstandings about the process of language acquisition. Educators may fear that children hearing two languages will become (38) permanentlyconfused and thus their language development will be (39) delayed; this concern is not documented in the literature. Children are capable of learning more than one language, whether (40) simultaneouslyor sequentially(依次地). In fact, most children outside of the United States are expected to become bilingual or even, in many cases, multilingual. Globally, knowing more than one language is viewed as an (41) assetand even a necessity in many areas。 It is also of concern that the misguided advice that students should speak only English is given primarily to poor families with limited educational opportunities, not to wealthier families who have many educational advantages. Since children from poor families often are (42) identified as at-risk for academic failure, teachers believe that advising families to speak English only is appropriate. Teachers consider learning two languages to be too (43) overwhelming for children from poor families, believing that the children are already burdened by their home situations。 If families do not know English or have limited English skills themselves, how can they communicate in English? Advising non-English-speaking families to speak only English is (44) equivalent to telling them not to communicate with or interact with their children. Moreover, the (45) underlying message is that the family's native language is not important or valued。 2013年12月英语六级阅读匹配文章点评 本文涉及近年来较热的话题“第二外语习得”及“幼儿早教”，批判了一些所谓“教育专家”教育幼儿学习英语的方式，说明要求家长[微博]不说母语，只说英语的教育方式并不科学。 文章摘自Childhood Education Publisher出版的一篇论文，话题比较常见，理解难度不大。 文章科学性与人文性并存，用词专业，难度中上，对复杂的副词形容词的考核是重点，如simultaneously, underlying, permanently等等，动词短语的搭配也有涉及，如短语stem from。教育这个话题一直是各个考试中频频出现的热门内容，建议六级考生多关注这方面的文章，同时注意背诵多音节的形容词副词及动词短语搭配。 更多四六级资讯，请关注@新浪每日英语推荐[微博] 直击2013年12月大学英语四六级改革后首考 2013年12月英语六级考后难度调查
