<title>12月英语四级答案完整版(北京新东方)_新浪教育_新浪网</title> 新浪教育[微博]讯 2013年12月14日全国大学英语四级考试已结束，本次考试为多题多卷，新浪外语第一时间收集整理不同版本试题，供考生参考，以下是全国大学英语四级答案完整版(北京新东方提供)： 写作 作者：北京新东方国内部四六级名师 金凌虹 From the cartoon given above, we can observe that there are many people crossing the street. Instead of looking at the way, they are staring at their cell phones and using walking sticks to see. It is obvious that they are fascinated with cell phones while even ignore their security。 We learn from the cartoon that cell phones have been increasingly widespread in people’s life. Cell phones are of great benefit to all of us. One of the most obvious advantages is that we can contact with our friends and relatives more conveniently than ever before. However, it is mobile-phones’ advantages that lead some people to overuse or be addicted to them, which tends to exert a negative impact on our life. For example, overusing cellphones will reduce face-to-face communication among people. It seems that most of us enjoy the convenience of contact at the expense of interpersonal relationships. Moreover，entertaining electronic games, magnanimous information and a bewildering variety of social networking tools in mobile phones have occupied much of our time. Information distribution tools and social networking tools, in particular, have attracted all of our attention, which tempts us to keep our eyes on the screen around the corner of every second. Then, do not expect us to talk with the people around us, we don’t have time! This, has resulted in a phenomenon of “alienation between acquaintances and familiarity between strangers”。 Science and technology and modern tools should be served as an “angel” to improve our living standard, rather than a devil to disturb our normal life and communication. Just imagine, live one day without mobile phone, will you be relaxed? Or anxious? (279words) 参考译文： 如图所示，我们可以看到有很多的人正在过马路，他们没有仔细看路，却都盯着自己的手机并且用一根拐杖代替他们看路。很明显，他们都着迷于手机，甚至忽视了自身安全。 我们从图画得知手机已经在人们的生活中越来越普遍。手机对于我们有巨大的好处，最明显的好处之一，就是我们可以比以前更加便利地联系朋友和亲人。然而，正是手机的诸多好处导致一些人过度使用或者是沉迷于手机，而这往往会给我们的生活造成一些负面的影响。比如，过度使用手机将会减少人与人之间的面对面的沟通。似乎我们大多数人都是以牺牲人际关系来享用联系的便利性。再者，手机上得娱乐性的电子游戏，海量的信息和各种各样的社交网络个您根据也已经占据了我们很多的时间。尤其是信息传播工具和社交网络工具已经占据了我们所有的注意力，这使我们每分每秒地将目光锁定在屏幕上。那么，就别指望我们很周围的人聊天了，我们没有那个时间！这也导致了一个现象：“熟悉人的陌生化，陌生人的熟悉化”！ 科技和现代工具应该是提高我们生活质量的”天使”，而不应该是影响我们正常生活和沟通的“魔鬼”。设想一下，如果过一天没有手机的生活，你会放松？还是会焦虑？ 听力参考答案 1-8 CACBA BDA 9-11 CAB 12-15 DADC 16-19 暂无 20-22 DAC 23-25 ABD 26-35 In addition; software; available; individuals; technological; manufacture; In short; By contrast; scientific; quantity 选词填空： 36-45 N site L rare I honoring F different D current C covers J hope M realistic H fast 长篇阅读： 46-55 kcebh djclf 仔细阅读 第一篇 56-60 cadcd 第二篇 61-65 abdbc 翻译： 作者：北京新东方国内部四六级名师 卢根 中国结(the Chinese knot)最初是由手工艺人发明的，经过数百年不断的改进，已经成为一种优雅多彩的艺术和工艺。在古代，人们用它来记录事件，但现在主要用于装饰的目的。“结”在中文里意味着爱情、婚姻和团聚。中国结常常作为礼物交换或用作饰品祈求好运和避邪。这种形式的手工艺(handicraft)代代相传，现在已经在中国和世界各地越来越受欢迎。 The Chinese knot was firstly invented by craftsman and it has become an elegant art after hundred years of improvement. In ancient times, people use knot to record events, but nowadays it is used for decoration. “Knot” in Chinese stands for love, marriage and reunion. Chinese knot is used as gift or ornament, which can bring in good luck and sweep away ill fortune. Having handed over generations after generations, this type of handicraft is extremely popular in China as well as the whole world。 更多四六级咨资讯，请关注@新浪每日英语推荐[微博] 直击2013年12月大学英语四六级改革后首考
