<title>08年12月英语四级作文范文(上海新东方版)_新浪教育_新浪网</title> 2008年12月四级作文范文(上海新东方版) 上海新东方学校 汪忠平 这次的四级考试写作题是我们在上海新东方的课堂里重点预测的题目之一(我们原题是Disposal Products)。因为从往年作文考察范围来看，四级写作主题大部分是大学校园生活，其次就是和人们日常生活相关的一些题目。而国家今年五月刚刚下达禁塑令！四、六级发展二十年，考过很多题，重复过一些题，可考的题也就那么几道了。 其实考什么并不重要。重要的是从不同的题目中找到写作共同的规律。分析以往试题，除了应用性题材(相对较少)其他文章开头一般要先写个背景介绍；主体部分要么分析原因、要么列举影响；最后大多总结、建议。 在我们的课堂讲解中，对于这篇文章我们开头介绍了一些常用句型。当然实考中考生没有必要把开头写这么长。主体部分我们即交代了原因分析也交代了影响列举的框架。根据这次命题提纲，我们只需要选择其中的影响部分。不管写原因还是影响，如果要写得充实些，要学会一些主体论证的方法。我们的课堂里介绍过几种方法，同学们也是只需要选择其中一两种就可以了。 以下是我们上课时带同学一起写得原文，仅供同学参考： Limiting the Use of Disposal Bags ? These days disposal products often hit the headlines of newspapers and have been brought into focus of the public. Indeed, it is widely accepted that they have gained increasing popularity among people in all walks of life. Taking a look around you, you can find examples too numerous to list: When you walk on the street, you can see plastic bags flying over your head; When you ramble along the river, you can find plastic bottles floating on the water; When you stroll in the park with your lover, you can notice waste paper thrown everywhere. ? Among the most important reasons often cited by people is the quickening pace of modern life. They are often too busy to wash dirty dishes or glasses, as a result they can do nothing but use disposal products. Also playing a part is the improvement of people's life. As a result of the policy of opening and reform, an increasing number of people are much richer than before and can afford disposal products. ? Admittedly, they might benefit us in a short term. Unfortunately, they will do us harm in more than one way. The major harm is (that) they are sure to pollute the environment. To make matters worse, they are likely to have potential harm to public health. To illustrate this point, I can think of no better example than HP, the river through S. As a result of disposal products in it, the water has caused some diseases in the local people. ? To sum up, for the factors mentioned before, we can safely reach the conclusion that the prevalence of disposale products is bound to cause a chain of undesirable effects. In view of the present situation, it is high time that the government tried every means to protect the environment. Only in this way, can we have a bright future    更多信息请访问：新浪四六级频道 四六级论坛 四六级博客圈 特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。
