<title>2007年12月六级英语考试短对话原文_新浪教育_新浪网</title> 2007年12月六级英语考试长对话原文 2007年12月六级英语考试段子题原文 2007年12月六级英语考试复合式听写原文 上海新东方学校 听力主讲老师 谭晓鸣 11 M：The biological project is now in trouble, you know, my colleague and I have completely different ideas about how to proceed. W：Why don’t you compromise? Try to make it a win-win situation for you both. Q：What does the woman suggest the man do? 12 M：How does Nancy like the new dress she bought in Rome? W：She said she would never have bought an Italian style dress if she had known Mary had already got such a dress. Q：What do we learn from the conversation? 13 M：You are not going to do all those dishes before we leave, are you? If we don’t pick up George and Martha in 25 minutes we will never get to the theater on time. W：Oh, didn’t I tell you, Martha called to say her daughter was ill and they could not go tonight Q：What is the woman probably going to do first? 14M ：You’ve been hanging on to the phone for quite a while, who were you talking with? W：Oh, it was Sally, you know, she always has the latest news in town and can’t wait to talk it over with me. Q：What do we learn about Sally from the conversation? 15W：It has always been hard to get this car into first gear, and now the clutch seems to be slipping M：If you leave the car with me, I will fix it for you this afternoon. Q：Who is the woman probably speaking to? 16M：Kate, why does the downtown area look deserted now? W：Well, there used to be some really good stores, but lots of them moved out to the mall. Q：What do we learn from the conversation? 17W :I found the lounge such a cozy place to study in. I really like the feeling in sitting on the sofa and doing the reading. M: Well, for me the hardest part about studying here is staying awake. Q：What does the man mean? 18W: These mosquitoes bite killing me. I can’t help scratching. M: Next time you go camping, take some precaution, say wearing long sleeves Q: Why does the man suggest the woman wear long sleeves?    更多信息请访问：新浪四六级频道 四六级论坛 四六级博客圈 特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。
