<title>2007年12月四级A卷参考答案(昂立完整版)_新浪教育_新浪网</title> 07年12月22日四级A卷真题参考答案 Part Ⅰ Writing 范文一 Nowadays, there usually exists a wide selection of electives for college students to choose from. However, students have quite different plans for their future so they always end up learning courses based on their own ideas. Some students may choose to learn a certain course in order to obtain an extra certificate for their job hunting after graduation. Because they assume that some more knowledge could ensure more chances of winning in finding a good job. Others may have their choice made just for fun. They tend to hold the idea that college life could be more colorful if they could widen their knowledge through elective courses. As far as I’m concerned, I’m inclined to choose electives based on both the value of the courses and the interest of my own. 范文二 Nowadays many college students prefer to have electives in their spare time because the courses can offer a variety of skills and abundant knowledge apart from what they learn in the daily courses. There are many factors that may account for it, and the following are the most conspicuous aspects. To start with, many students want to get another degree besides their own, so that they can have more competence when they seek a job. Furthermore, as for me, I don’t care about degree or job, I just want to obtain some necessary skills to make my college life worthwhile. What I’m concerned most is how to own more skills that may be necessary for my future. Finally, some students want to learn anything that is different from what they are learning now. The science students, for example, want to know about Shakespeare while the art students want to tell how a vehicle works and how to deal with it when it breaks down. So, they can all get what they think is useful to their college life. On the whole, the phenomenon is one of the results of multi-demand of the employment market. There is still a long way for us to improve the elective itself, but as a student myself, I find it rewarding and interesting. Part Ⅱ Fast Reading 1.D) a powerful force for global integration 2.C) at an annual rate of 3.9% 3.B) 20% 4.D) They give them chances for international study or internship. 5.A) Yale’s collaboration with Fudan University on genetic research [1] [2] [3] [4] [下一页]    更多信息请访问：新浪四六级频道 四六级论坛 四六级博客圈 特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。
