<title>08年6月大学英语六级考试作文范文(昂立版)_新浪教育_新浪网</title> >>大学英语四六级考试加油帖 >>6月大学英语六级考后对答案 >>心情发泄站 Will E-books Replace Traditional Books? 1.随着信息技术的发展，电子图书越来越多 2.有人认为电子图书会取代传统图书，理由是…… 3.我的看法 范文一： The number of E-books is constantly on the rise as a result of the rapid development of information technology. It is thought by some people that E-books might replace traditional books in some time because of various advantages of E-books over paper ones. A great variety of reasons are held by people with the above viewpoint in which economy is the key factor to make such prediction attainable. To start with, since all E-books could be downloaded from the internet, most of which are free of charge, whereas paper books in book stores are relatively expensive. Besides, the popularity of E-books could reduce or even avoid the waste of paper. Finally, E-books can be easily stored in our computer or other portable disks while paper books usually occupy too much space on our shelves. In short, E-books have obviously become more and more popular in our daily life. As long as we can ensure the safety of E-books, we can enjoy a better life. 范文二： With the advancement of science and technology, there’s a steady increase in the number of E-books, or electronic books. Some experts have claimed that these books will be prevalent, thus rendering all traditional ones in disuse, however, other authorities maintain that the traditional books are here to stay. From my perspective, I’m firmly sided with the former. There are several reasons responsible for my point. For one thing, it is convenient for people to carry E-books around. Therefore, readers will be no longer concerned about the heavy burden within their bag. What’ more, a considerable number of E-books can be stored away altogether in the reading gadget thanks to their digital pattern, which is a huge leap from conventional books given its cost-reducing and space-saving nature. Above all, people might finally find a workable solution to deforestation, a result brought about by paper use. To sum up, traditional books will still be the leading means of reading, however, sooner or later, the age of paper books will be ultimately outlived by E-books.    更多信息请访问：新浪四六级频道 四六级论坛 四六级博客圈 特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。
