<title>2008年6月英语四级B卷完整答案(交大外院版)_新浪教育_新浪网</title> Part I Writing 范文 1 21st century has brought with it an unprecedented variety of recreational activities ranging from traditional outdoor activities such as playing ball games to all kinds of online ones, the latter of which is a great appeal to the young generation. So I’d like to narrow my topic down to online recreational activities. It goes without saying that various activities brought by modern technology have greatly broadened our horizon and brought much excitement to us. With access to the Internet, you can get to know people from any country in the world and you can talk with them, play games with them --- a temptation very hard to resist, and even see them via web cam. The disadvantage, however, is that anyone who lacks self-control would very easily get lost and become addicted to the online world, which in turn might seriously affect their life, work and interpersonal relationships. As a college student, I think what really matters is to make better choice and exert more discipline. We’d better take advantage of good online recreational activities to enrich our lives and broaden the scope of knowledge. When it comes to those addictive, time-consuming and less meaningful activities, I think to stay away from them is a wise decision. 范文 2 With the development of living standard, people spend more time on various forms of recreational activities. People can do sports, singing karaoke, go dancing, go to the movies, play video games or online games, or surf the Internet. Recreational activities are good to people’s health, both physically and mentally. Sports and dancing can keep people fit. Singing karaoke, playing video games or online games can satisfy people’s imagination. Surfing the Internet can bring people a lot of information and knowledge. However, recreational activities might be harmful if people are addicted. Spending too much time on recreational activities will seriously influence people’s normal lives, especially work and study. Therefore, people will benefit from recreational activities only if they take part in them properly.上一页 1 2 3 4 5 6 下一页    更多信息请访问：新浪四六级频道 四六级论坛 四六级博客圈 特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。
