<title>2010年6月英语六级听力篇章3原文(昂立)_新浪教育_新浪网</title>音频：2010年6月英语六级考试听力  媒体来源：新浪教育 以下是2010年6月19日六级答案听力Passage3原文： Esperanto is an artificial languagedesigned to serve internationally as an auxiliary means of communication amongspeakers of different languages. It is created by Ludwig Lejzer Zamenhof, a Polish-Jewish doctor specialized in eyediseases. Esperanto was first presented in 1887. An international movement waslaunched to promote its use. Despite arguments and disagreements, the movementhas continued to flourish and has members in more than 80 countries. Esperantois used internationally across language boundaries by at least 1 millionpeople, particularly in specialized fields. It is used in personal contacts, onradio broadcasts, and in a number of publications as well as in translations ofboth modern works and classics. Its popularity has spread from Europe, botheast and west, to such countries as Brazil and Japan. It is, however, in Chinathat Esperanto has had its greatest impact. It is taught in universities andused in many translations, often in scientific or technological works.  El Popola Cinio, which means From People’sChina, is a monthly magazine in Esperanto, and is read worldwide. RadioBeijing’s Esperanto program is the most popular program in Esperanto in theworld。 Esperanto’s vocabulary is drawn primarilyfrom Latin, the Romance languages, English, and German. Spelling is completelyregular. A simple and consistent set of endings indicates grammatical functionsof words. Thus, for example, every noun ends in o, every adjective in a, andthe basic form of every verb in i. Esperanto also has a highly productivesystem of constructing new words from old ones。 Questions 33 to 35 are based on the passageyou have just heard。 33. What does the speaker tell us about theEsperanto? 34. What is said about the internationalmovement to promote the use of Esperanto? 35. What does the speaker say aboutEsperanto in China? 来源：昂立教育    更多信息请访问：新浪四六级频道 四六级论坛 特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。
