<title>2011年6月四级考试作文题及范文(新东方版)_新浪教育_新浪网</title> 2011年大学英语四级考试已结束，新浪网教育频道第一时间收集整理试题及参考答案，供考生参考，以下为新东方版四级作文真题及范文： 四级作文 1、  现在网上购物已成为一种时尚 2、  网上购物有很多好处，但也有不少问题 3、  我的建议Online Shopping北京新东方学校 李艳华 Several decades ago, it should be a marvelous wonder to purchaseour favorite gifts only by clicking the mouse and then just waitingfor the door knock by a smiling expressive delivery courier withthe exact package you ordered. While, today, it is no long a rarecase. Combined with the fast food, the digital communication ,online shopping has been a common part of our life。 Admittedly, on line shopping offers magical convenience. Forexample, it saves time and offers numerous choices since floods ofinformation can be supplied on Internet. While, every coin has towsides and online shopping is no different. Have you stillremembered the annoying time when you found the commodities you buyon Internet was not the slightest as what you had expected and longtime had to be taken for its replace and even compensation.Actually, just with the seemingly beautiful pictures of theproducts on Internet, it is hard for us to make rational choices.After all, seeing is believing。 Then, what should we do? The foremost is to enforce establishsome relevant laws and regulations, with strong supervision oversome shopping websites being reinforced as well. Then, theconsumers also should be equipped with more alert in case of beingtrapped once again. Remember, any fast ?and- easy things asks forbig prices to be paid。Online Shopping(北京新东方学校第二版 金凌虹老师) The newly coined term "shopping on line" may by no means sound strange to most people in this day and age. Rightly so, a majority of people consider "shopping on the internet" as a fashionable life style and a novel way of consumption。 There is no denying that shopping online has exerted a profound influence on our daily life . To begin with, shopping online enables consumers to save a great deal of time for the reason that we can buy anything we like anytime and anywhere. What's more, there are a such a huge number of discount goods on the internet that customers who have a poor financial situation may save a great deal of money. As the common saying goes, however,"every sword has two blades." shopping online has also imposed a negative impact on our life. Firstly, people may get a heavy loss on the condition that they purchase counterfeit goods. Moreover, good after-sale services are not usually guaranteed。 Due attention has to be paid to this phenomenon, from my perspective, firstly, as the coexistence of merits and demerits of online shopping, we should, therefore, make the best use of its fruits and avoid the opposite facets. Then, laws and regulation should be worked out and enforced to strengthen the supervision of online shopping. Only in this way can we benefit from online shopping without its undesirable effects。分享到:    更多信息请访问：新浪四六级频道 四六级论坛 特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。
