<title>2012年12月四级考试听力原文(新东方版)_新浪教育_新浪网</title> 专题报道： 四级考试真题及答案汇总(更新中) 名师第一时间解读真题及答案(进行中) 2012年12月英语四六级开考 全国938万人参加 全国大学英语四六级考试于12月22日举行。本次考试首次采用“多题多卷”，报考人数达938万人。新浪教育[微博]将在第一时间报道最新资讯，以下是2012年12月英语四级考试听力答案(网友版)。考试采取“多题多卷”模式，试题顺序不统一，请依据试题进行核对。 Questions 19 to 21 are based on the conversation you have just heard W: So John, I hear you and Arthur share a job, don’t you? M: Yes. We’ve shared a sales job at Sonatech for about two years now。 W: Well, how do you divide up your schedule? M: You know we are both sales representatives, and we take orders over the phone. When we started job sharing it was difficult, because we both worked all day Monday. I worked Tuesday and Thursday and Arthur worked Wednesday and Friday. The problem was that when I was in the office on Tuesday. I would talk to people, then they would call back on Wednesday with a question. But Arthur couldn’t answer the question and he couldn’t ask me about it because I wasn’t in the office. So he had to ask the people to call me back the next day, Thursday. Of course, they didn’t like to wait until the next day to have their question answered。 W: Yes, that sounds like a problem。 M: So, finally we decided that Arthur would work in the mornings and I would work in the afternoons. Now if someone calls with the question for me in the morning, Arthur tells them to call me in the afternoon. This way, people get their questions answered the same day。 W: What do you do about vacations? M: Well, Sonatech gives the usual two weeks of vacation to full-time employees, I take a week and Arthur takes a week。 W: It sounds like job sharing has worked out well for you。 M: Yes, it has. We are both happy with it。 Q19. What do John and author do at Sonatech? Q20. What problem did John and Arthur have when they started job sharing? Q21. What does John say about their annual vacation? Questions 22 to 25 are based on the conversation you have just heard W: May I see your license, please? M: But officer, did I do something wrong? W: Do you mean to say you didn’t see the speed limit sign back there? M: Um, no, madam, I guess I didn’t。 W: In other words, you drove by too fast to read it. The sign says35m/h. A school is just nearby, you know? M: Don’t get me wrong, but my speedometer didn’t read much faster than that。 W: Then, why is it that my radar showed you are going 45? Let me put it in another way. I’m going to give you a ticket. Again, may I see your license, please? M: Here it is, officer. But let me explain. I was late for an important appointment and I was worried that I wouldn’t make it on time. So.。。 W: Uha, just a minute, here. Your license is no longer valid. You should have renewed it two weeks ago. I’m going to have to write you up for that, too。 M: What? Really? W: Your license becomes invalid on your birthday and that was two weeks ago according to the date here. You are in violation of the law—driving without a valid license。 M: I’m sorry, madam. I hadn’t realized that。 W: Here’s the ticket for not having a valid license. But I’m only going to give you a warning about exceeding the speed limit. Be careful next time。 M: Yes, madam, officer, I will. Thank you。 Q22. Where was the man stopped by the police officer? Q23. What did the man claim about the speed limit sign? Q24. What did the woman say about the man’s driving license? Q25. What was the man’s penalty? 2012年12月英语四级考后难度调查 2012年12月英语六级考后难度调查
