<title>2012年12月四级考试听力短文原文(新东方)_新浪教育_新浪网</title> 全国大学英语四六级考试于12月22日举行。本次考试首次采用“多题多卷”，报考人数达938万人。新浪教育[微博]将在第一时间报道最新资讯，以下为新东方提供的2012年12月英语四级听力短文原文(文字版)，仅供各位参考，祝大家成功！考试采取“多题多卷”模式，试题顺序不统一，请依据试题进行核对。 专题报道： 四级考试真题及答案汇总(更新中) 名师第一时间解读真题及答案(进行中) 2012年12月英语四六级开考 全国938万人参加 Passage 1 SinceI started working part-time at a grocery store, I have learned that a customeris more than someone who buys something. To me, a customer is a person whosememory fails entirely once he or she starts to push a shopping cart. One of thefirst things customers forget is how to count. There is no other way to explainhow so many people get in their express line, which is clearly marked 15 itemsor less, with 20, 25 or even a cart load of items. Customers also forget whythey came to the store in the first place. Just as I finish ringing up anorder, a customer will say, “Oops, I forgot to pick up a fresh loaf of bread. Ihope you don’t mind waiting while I go get it。” Five minutes later, he is backwith the bread, a bottle of milk, and three rolls of paper towels. Strange asit seems, customers also seem to forget that they have to pay for theirgroceries. Instead of writing a check or looking for a credit card while I amringing up the groceries, my customers will wait until I announce the total.Then, in surprise, she says, “Oh no, what did I do with my check book?” After 5minutes of digging through her purse, she borrows my pen because she’sforgotten hers. But I have to be tolerant of customers because they pay mysalary, and that’s something I can’t afford to forget。 Q26.What does the speaker say about customers’ entering the grocery store? Q27. Which customers are supposed to be in the express line? Q28. What does the speaker say some customers do when they arrive at thecheck-out counter? Q29. What does the speaker say about his job at the end of the talk? Passage 2 Thespeech delivery style of Europeans and Asians tends to be very formal. Speakersof these cultures often read oral presentations from carefully writtenmanuscripts. On the other hand, American speakers are generally more informalrelative to speakers in other cultures. American audiences prefer natural,spontaneous delivery that conveys a lively sense of communication. They don’trelate well to speakers who read from a manuscript. If you use an outline ofyour ideas instead of a prepared text, your speech will not only sound morenatural, but you will also be able to establish better relationship with yourlisteners and keep their attention. The language and style you use when makingan oral presentation should not be the same as the language and style you usewhen writing. Well-written information, that is meant to be read, does not workas well when it is heard. It is, therefore, important for you to adapt writtentexts or outlines for presentations. Good speakers are much more informal whenspeaking than when writing. They also use their own words and develop their ownspeaking styles. Whenever possible, they use short words. Listeners appreciateit when speakers use simple, everyday words in a presentation. One advantage isthat it’s much easier for speakers to pronounce short words correctly. Anotheris that long and sophisticated vocabulary choices make listening moredifficult。 Question 30 to 32 30.What does the speaker say American audiences prefer? 31. What should one pay attention to when making an oral presentation? 32. What does the speaker focus on in the talk? Passage 3 Let children learn to judge their own work A child learning to talk does not learn by beingcorrected all the time. If corrected too much, he will stop talking. Hecompares a thousand times a day the difference between language as he uses itand language as those around him use it. Bit by bit, he makes the necessarychanges to make his language like other people’s. In the same way, kidslearning to do all the other things they learn without adult teachers, to walk,run, climb, ride a bike, play games, compare their own performance with whatmore skilled people do, and slowly make the needed changes. But in school wenever give a child a chance to detect his mistakes. We do it all for him. Weact as if we thought he would never notice a mistake unless it was pointed outto him. Soon he becomes dependent on the expert. We should let him do ithimself. Let him figure out, with the help of other children if he wants it,what this word says, what is the answer to that problem, whether this is a goodway of saying or doing this or that。 If right answers need to be given, as inmathematics or science, give him the answer book. Let him correct his ownpapers. Why should we teachers waste time on such tedious work? Our job shouldbe to help children when they tell us that they can’t find a way to get theright answer。 Question 33 to35 33. How does a child learn to do somethingaccording to the speaker? 34. What belief do teachers commonly holdaccording to the speaker? 35. What does the speaker imply about thecurrent way of teaching? 2012年12月英语四级考后难度调查 2012年12月英语六级考后难度调查
