<title>2012年12月英语四级听力短对话原文(沪江)_新浪教育_新浪网</title> 专题报道： 四级考试真题及答案汇总(更新中) 名师第一时间解读真题及答案(进行中) 2012年12月英语四六级开考 全国938万人参加 全国大学英语四六级考试于12月22日举行。本次考试首次采用“多题多卷”，报考人数达938万人。新浪教育[微博]将在第一时间报道最新资讯，以下是2012年12月英语四级听力短对话原文(沪江版)。考试采取“多题多卷”模式，试题顺序不统一，请依据试题进行核对。（2012年12月英语四级考试听力音频） 2012年12月英语四级真题听力短对话原文，由沪江网校提供，考完试的同学可以对比一下自己的考试题目。短对话一共包括八篇。 Part III Listening Comprehension Section A Directions: In this section, you will hear 8 short conversations and 2 long conversations. At the end of each conversation, one or more questions will be asked about what was said. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After each question there will be a pause. During the pause, you must read the four choices marked A)， B)， C) and D)， and decide which is the best answer. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre。 11. W: I just heard about a really beautiful park in the east end of the town. There are a lot of roses in bloom。 M: Why don’t we walk over there and see for ourselves? Q: What will the speakers probably do? 12. M: My presentation is scheduled for 9:30 tomorrow morning at the lecture hall. I hope to see you there。 W: Oh, sorry. I was about to tell you that I have an appointment with my dentist at 9:00 o’clock tomorrow。 Q: What do we learn about the woman? 13. W: How long have you been running this company? M: Twenty years if you can believe that. I brought it from a small operation to what it is today。 Q: What do we learn about the man? 14. M: Have you read the news on the campus net? Susan has won the scholarship for next year。 W: I knew she would from the very beginning. Such a brilliant and diligent girl! She certainly deserves it。 Q: What does the woman mean? 15. W: Taking a bus to Miami, it’s cheaper than going by train。 M: That’s true. But I’d rather pay a little more for the added comfort and convenience。 Q: What does the man mean? 16. M: I think it’s time we got rid of all this old furniture。 W: You’re right. We need to promote our image besides it’s not a real antique。 Q: What do the speakers mean? 17. M: That was some storm yesterday. How was I afraid I couldn’t make it home。 W: Yeah, most of the roads to my house were flooded. I didn’t get home from the lab until midnight。 Q: What do we learn from the conversation? 18. W: My boys are always complaining that they’re bored。 M: Why don’t you get them into some team sports? My son and daughter play soccer every Saturday. And they both look forward to it all week。 Q: What does the man mean? 2012年12月英语四级考后难度调查 2012年12月英语六级考后难度调查
