<title>2013年12月英语六级作文幸福范文3(文都版)_新浪教育_新浪网</title> 新浪教育[微博]讯 2013年12月14日全国大学英语六级考试已结束，本次考试为多题多卷，新浪外语第一时间收集整理不同版本试题，供考生参考，以下是全国大学英语六级考试作文及参考范围： Part 1  Writing  (30 minutes) Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on happiness by referring to the saying “Happiness is not the absence of problems, but the ability to deal with them。” You can cite examples to illustrate your points and then explain how you can develop your ability to deal with problem and be happy, you should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words。 【参考范文】    To solve problem, to taste happiness “What is happiness?” is a cliché topic. Everyone has a different definition to the true meaning of happiness. For Franklin Roosevelt, “happiness is not the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort。” For Elbert Einstein, “if you want to live in a happy life, tie it to the goal, not the people or the things。” Although the two great men grant different definitions to happiness, there is something in common, that is, happiness derives from the capacity to solve problems. I believe that this is true。 There is no denying that life is full of problems. Let’s take environmental pollution for example. Pollution poses a great threat to our existence. Fortunately, this public hazard has drawn our greatly attention and many effective measures are being taking to solve it. In fact, now the public are benefiting more and more from pollution prevention and control. We can enjoy clear air, health food and beautiful scenes again. Isn’t this happiness? All in all, indeed, equipped with the ability to cope with problems should suppose to be happiness. In other worlds, in the middle of problems lies happiness。 【参考译文】 解决问题，品味幸福 “何为幸福？”这是一个老生常谈的话题。每个人对幸福的真正含义都有不同的定义。对罗斯福而言，“幸福并不只是拥有财富，真正的幸福在于取得的成就和创造带来的激动。”而对爱因斯坦来说：“如果一个人想要生活幸福，他就应该寄希望于目标而不是人或事。”尽管两位伟人对幸福赋予了不同的定义，但是有一点却是共同的，那就是，幸福来源于解决问题的能力。我非常认同这一点。 无可否认，生活中总是充满问题。以环境污染为例。环境污染极大的威胁了我们的生存。幸运地是，这一公害已经引起了人们的极大关注并且诸多有效措施被用来处理该问题。事实上，如今人们从治污当中得到越来越多的好处。我们可以重新享受清新的空气、健康的食物和美丽的风景。这难道不是一种幸福吗？ 总之，具备解决问题的能力就是一种幸福。 更多四六级资讯，请关注@新浪每日英语推荐[微博] 直击2013年12月大学英语四六级改革后首考 2013年12月英语六级考后难度调查
