<title>2013年6月英语六级听力原文短对话(沪江)_新浪教育_新浪网</title> 2013年6月英语六级听力原文短对话 Part III Listening Comprehension Section A Directions: In this section, you will hear 8 short conversations and 2 long conversations. At the end of each conversation, one or more questions will be asked about what was said. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After each question there will be a pause. During the pause, you must read the four choices marked A)， B)， C) and D)， and decide which is the best answer. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre。 11. W: What's wrong with your phone, Gary? I tried to call you all night yesterday。 M: I'm sorry. No one's able to get through yesterday. My telephone was disconnected by the phone company。 Q: What does the woman ask the man about? 12. W: I finally found a really nice apartment that's within my price range。 M: Congratulations! Affordable housing is rare in this city. I've been looking for a suitable place since I got here six months ago。 Q: What does the man mean? 13. M: I got this in my mailbox today, but I don't know what it is. Do you have any idea? W: Oh, that's your number for the new photocopier. It acquires an access code. Everyone got one。 Q: What do we learn from the conversation? 14. W: Jane told me that you'll be leaving at soon. Is it true? M: Yeah, my wife's maternity leave is close to an end. And since she wants to go back to work, I've decided to take a year off to raise the baby。 Q: What does the man mean? 15 M: We'll never find a parking space here. What about dropping you at thesouth gate and I'll find parking somewhere else。 W: Well, OK. It looks like everyone in town came to the mall today。 Q: What does the woman mean? 16 W: When will the computers be back online? M: Probably not until tomorrow. The problem is more complicated than I thought。 Q: What does the man mean? 17 M: Did you catch Professor Smith on TV last night? W: I almost missed it, but my mother just happened to be watching at home and gave me a call。 Q: What does the woman imply? 18 M: May I get this prescription refilled? W: I'm sorry, sir, but we can't give you a refill on that. You'll have to get a new prescription。 Q: What can we infer from the conversation?
